Hi Wes,

I am the analytics engineer who has been working to get your team's new data assets up and running. I've spent the past couple days reviewing the files
you all sent over, and I think I have a sense of how to proceed, but before I do, I wanted to run a few business logic and data quality questions by you.

For data quality:
1. I noticed that most of the data predates 2022, is that intentional?
2. I was informed that all users had the role of customer, but I see some fetch staff in the data file as well: is this a problem?
3. I have noticed many test data rows, which I assume we wouldn't want in the production data. I am programmatically deal with these data points and provide examples
   but I wanted you to be aware they were in the data set if you weren't aware already
4. The receipts data contains some receipts with no items, and the items themselves have duplicative fields for values such as price and quantity.

For business logic:
1. It would help me to know a bit more about user-flagged items on receipts: why that would happen, and how the review process works
2. I can take a cursory look at points, but to interrogate them for accuracy, it would be helpful to know if there's any special context for their award and timing
3. I am having a tough time wrapping my arms around how CPG collections and brands relate here, could you clarify?
4. I am aware that you will want this data to help measure spend, transactions, and various descriptive stats on receipts by user, brand, and CPG collection, but are
   there any use cases I am missing that might drastically change the way I tee up the data for you and your team?

For scaling purposes:
1. As the company matures, more people are uploading evermore receipts, and we collect more data, the number of receipts and receipt items might cause some scaling
   issues. Is there a reasonable rolling window we could look at to provide the data you need while not exhausting resources?

I appreciate your time and patience as we work through solving for your needs. Once we get back in touch, I will proceed with next steps, and then set up a quick chat
to go over the shape of the data and answer any questions. 

Also, We'll have to grab coffee next time I am in Boston!

Best,
Nathan
